[maui] Update Native Library Interop docs for net9.0 (#487)
MicrosoftDocs/CommunityToolkit: docs/maui/native-library-interop/get-started.md

Back on the .NET side, we are now ready to interop with the native library:

1. Run `dotnet build` from _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding_ to test everything is plugged in correctly and good to go.

> 1. Optionally use objective sharpie to generate an updated ApiDefinitions.cs file that reflects any changes in your swift code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use objective sharpie to generate the C# bindings for your Swift API updates:
```

>     1. Run `sharpie xcode -sdks` to get a list of valid target SDK values for the bind command. Select the value that aligns with the platform and version you are targeting to use with the next command, for example `iphoneos18.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Run `sharpie xcode -sdks` to get a list of valid target SDK values for the bind command. Select the value that aligns with the platform and version you are targeting to use with the next command, for example `iphoneos18.0`.
    1. Navigate to _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/bin/Debug/net9.0-ios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding.resources/NewBindingiOS.xcframework/ios-arm64/NewBinding.framework_
```

Reviewer: Add separate step for navigating to the right location

Author: Updated

    1. Run `sharpie bind` against the header files in the xcframework created by the binding project:
        ```

>         cd _template/macios/native/NewBinding/bin/Debug/net9.0-ios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding.resources/NewBindingiOS.xcframework/ios-arm64/NewBinding.framework &&

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Remove the cd part of the command, and suggest navigating to location as a separate path beforehand

Author: Updated

>         sharpie bind --output=sharpie-out --namespace=NewBindingMaciOS --sdk=iphoneos18.0 --scope=Headers Headers/NewBinding-Swift.h

Author: @rachelkang and @mikeparker104  With the updates to the MaciOS SDKs to support native library interop in net9.0, we've decided not to run `sharpie` automatically due to its dependencies. I've updated this section to add a quick overview of how to run sharpie against the outputs of a native library interop binding project.

I've tried to make the sharpie command example as simple as possible, but I'm thinking this section may still warrant some refinement or updates?

cc 04  that

Author: I've updated this based on feedback and have linked out to the existing objective sharpie as well.

        ```

>     1. Update the contents of _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/ApiDefinition.cs_ by replacing it with the contents of _sharpie-out/ApiDefinitions.cs_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Update the contents of _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/ApiDefinition.cs_ by replacing it with the contents of _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/bin/Debug/net9.0-ios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding.resources/NewBindingiOS.xcframework/ios-arm64/NewBinding.framework/sharpie-out/ApiDefinitions.cs_.
```

Back on the .NET side, we are now ready to interop with the native library:

1. Run `dotnet build` from _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding_ to test everything is plugged in correctly and good to go.
1. Use objective sharpie to generate the C# bindings for your Swift API updates:
    1. Navigate to _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/bin/Debug/net9.0-ios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding.resources/NewBindingiOS.xcframework/ios-arm64/NewBinding.framework_ in your MaciOS binding projects output folder.
    1. Run `sharpie xcode -sdks` to get a list of valid target SDK values for the bind command. Select the value that aligns with the platform and version you are targeting to use with the next command, for example `iphoneos18.0`.
    1. Run `sharpie bind` against the header files in the xcframework created by the binding project:
        ```
        sharpie bind --output=sharpie-out --namespace=NewBindingMaciOS --sdk=iphoneos18.0 --scope=Headers Headers/NewBinding-Swift.h
        ```

>     1. Update the contents of _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/ApiDefinition.cs_ by replacing it with the contents of _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding/bin/Debug/net9.0-ios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding.resources/NewBindingiOS.xcframework/ios-arm64/NewBinding.framework/sharpie-out/ApiDefinitions.cs_.

Author: Updated

    1. Run `dotnet build` from _template/macios/NewBinding.MaciOS.Binding_ again.

See also the [objective-sharpie](/previous-versions/xamarin/cross-platform/macios/binding/objective-sharpie/tools) documentation to learn more about this tool.

#### API Definition: Android

> 

Author: Thanks updated

Back on the .NET side, we are now ready to interop with the native library:

> 1. Run `dotnet build` from _template/android/NewBinding.Android.Binding_ to test everything is plugged in correctly and good to go. (Note: This step will require that you have JDK 17 installed)

Reviewer: Update gradle to prevent the following warning from showing:

```
You are using a preview version of .NET. See: https://aka.ms/dotnet-support-policy
  NewBinding.Android.Binding succeeded with 1 warning(s) (19.1s) → bin/Debug/net9.0-android/NewBinding.Android.Binding.dll
    GRADLE : warning : SDK processing. This version only understands SDK XML versions up to 3 but an SDK XML file of version 4 was encountered. This can happen if you use versions of Android Studio and the command-line tools that were released at different times.
    ```

Author: I've updated the gradle versions here https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/Maui.NativeLibraryInterop/pull/55/commits/af5e06984eb6e9f86e75763b6a35cc4eb46a462d to fix this warning

> 1. Reference any Android binding dependencies by adding `@(AndroidMavenLibrary)` or `@(PackageReference)` elements to satisfy the java dependency chain for the native library you are binding. (Note: The gradle/maven dependencies often need to be explicitly referenced, as they are not automatically bundled into your library.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reference any Android binding dependencies by adding the following code to _template/sample/MauiSample.csproj_ for each dependency. Add `@(AndroidMavenLibrary)` or `@(PackageReference)` elements as needed to satisfy the java dependency chain for the native library you are binding. (Note: The gradle/maven dependencies often need to be explicitly referenced, as they are not automatically bundled into your library.)
```

```xml
<ItemGroup Condition="$(TargetFramework.Contains('android'))">

>     <AndroidMavenLibrary Include="my.library:dependency-library" Version="1.0.0" Bind="false" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <AndroidMavenLibrary Include="{DependencyGroupId}:{DependencyName}" Version="{DependencyVersion}" Bind="false"
```

Reviewer: match path to the one in the sample csproj
